Review of Lauren's Proposal

Part I

1) It is definitely long enough and well thought out.  She clearly put some effort into it.

2) She wants to determine whether the sauropod hiatus may be a result of stratigraphic biases and determine if S. American and N. American sauropods are related.  She hopes to gain a better understanding of patterns in the extirpation of megafauna.  The hypothesis was a bit difficult to decipher, and we discussed it.  The hypothesis is that there is either a stratigraphic or biological cause for the sauropod hiatus.  She explained to me that the information could go either way, and I recommended that she pick one of the choices and stick with it.

3) It is coherent, it's testable, it seems relevant with the addition of understanding the extinction of megafauna, and, to the best of my knowledge, it is novel.

4) The intro was a little lackluster.  I was also a bit more curious about the details of the methods.

5) I recommended she include more practicality in her intro and spice up the topic sentence.  I also recommended she include a little more detail in the methods.

6) A few more sources would have been great, and she acknowledged that she did not have enough sources yet.

Part II Reviewed by Lauren

1) Yes, but she felt that it might have been wrong.

2) Yes, extinction is important!

3) Yes, except she recommended I only look at marine taxa, and I think I will go with that.

4) Yes, she tore me limb from limb!  Just kidding she had very useful criticisms.

5) I will make it shorter and alter my hypothesis, and I will do more research on the PT extinction.

Review of Nick's Proposal

1) It seemed appropriate for a rough draft.  He could use some more background info.

2) He hypothesized that he would find transient bat forms in either the early Paleocene or late Cretaceous.  He would use that knowledge to prospect for fossils.  

3) It is coherent, seems novel, seems testable to find a general region where bats might have originated and narrow down the time interval, and we talked about making it scientifically relevant.  The methods he uses can be extrapolated to any of a number of other taxa.

4) I think he could use a little more research on bat phylogenies, and needed to find more relevance.

5) I suggested looking at the literature for phylogenetic analyses on bats, and by including that the fossil record would help confirm any genetic analyses done to determine the phylogenetic relationship of bats and other extant taxa.  

6) He had a good number of citations and has clearly done his research.

Part II Reviewed by Nick

1) Yes, he understood the logic behind it.

2) Yes, understanding extinction is still useful today.

3) Yes, he said it seemed sound.

4) Yes, I think he was mostly focused on the clarity of the paper, which is important, I suppose.

5) I will try to better define some terms that may not be clear.  And include my references...
